# Meeting Minutes for 2024-05-20

## Secretary
- Steve Hill

## Attendees
- Christina Maat
- Amonida Zadissa
- David Cash
- Maryam Shoai
- Sameneh Kouchaki
- Steve Hill
- Kiran, new committee member from CR&T

## Agenda
Charlotte --> reach out to Dementia Platform, DEMON for Hackathon

Christina --> finalize the ECR event report with Amonida, event wrap-up email together with announcement of work in progress seminars?, reach out to comms team about the Data Scientist highlight interviews & adding code/data repo link to each new publication that is announced in the Slack channel

Mateus --> will make a draft Github page, figure out whether it is possible to partially git link a dropbox folder

Steve --> will reach out to Amonida & Sashika to set up the work in progress seminars, gather a group of (bio)informaticians who would like to present their codebase

## Notes

Charlotte and Mateus are away.

Kiran, postdoc from CR&T, joined the committee to take over for Samaneh.

Dave/Charlotte - emailed DEMON network, but no response yet. Amonida had meetings with DPUK who are keen to collaborate for events.

Christina - met with comms team who agreed to help highlight informaticians when publications are out. They also suggested using YouTube/Zoom tutorials for software made by DRI informaticians.

Amonida - report in progress. Comms team want focused articles on AI/Data Science to highlight work in DRI in this election year. Would like ECRs and committee to get involved, if possible.

Mateus made a draft Github page for committee. We will look at it next meeting.

Maryam - will send document with potential workshops and topics that could be run. Amonida mentioned workshop planning with DPUK upcoming, looking for feedback. Dave mentioned using Sandpaper, R-based notebook for workshops.

Steve - waiting to hear back from Sashika. Aimed for June, but probably too soon. Will aim for July or late-September depending on availability. Lead time needs to include advertisement in bulletins and outside DRI (e.g., CARD). 


## Action Items

Discuss Maryam's workshop ideas and make plans, potentially for later this year. 

Steve will reach out to Sashika again, will have a more firm timeline for when the event can be held. 

Charlotte - Hackathon update

Dave - DEMON network update

Mateus - committee Github page overview

