# Meeting Minutes for 2024-04-22

## Secretary
- Sameneh Kouchaki

## Attendees
- Christina Maat
- Mateus Harrington
- Amonida Zadissa
- Charlotte Capitanchik
- David Cash
- Maryam Shoai
- Sameneh Kouchaki
- Steve Hill

## Agenda

- Charlotte: Hackathon
  - Potential collaborations? Timeline?
- Christina: Co-chair
  - Wrap up January event (report & email) / organize committee GitHub repo
- Dave: DEMON-link: topic specific workshops
  - Inventory of what is out there already? Potential collaborations?
- Maryam: Career & Wellbeing
  - (Topic specific workshops)
  - Contact UKDRI EDI committee (through Charlotte?); ideas on how to share resources
  - Ideas for topic specific workshops (align with Steve?)
- Mateus: Co-chair
  - Wrap up January event (report & email) / organize committee GitHub repo
- Steve: Work in Progress seminar(s) / topic specific workshops
  - Ideas for topic specific workshops (align with Maryam?)
  
## Notes
1) report about ECR event --> Amonida will review; key point is to spread the word about informatics not being "just supportive" of doing science

2) Charlotte: Sarah from Dementia Platform UK, Datathons --> potential colaboration for setting up a Hackathon
   - running costs, general logistics
   - data agreement logistics; people can bring (un)published data
   - decide on projects in advance and set up VMs, but no GPU access
  
   - DEMON could still be an option too (Amonida), but not sure whether they provide computing resources --> Charlotte can reach out to DEMON contact of Amonida
  
   - Aim for organizing this in spring next year!
   - Main thing is to get a ballpark number for how much money would be needed
     Dave: UCL has a good agreement with AWS, so there may be some potential for collaboration for setting up virtual environments etc. Use "Appstream" to assign people to environments/projects

3) Mateus/Christina:
   - GitHub repo structure was reviewed, Christina will follow up with Sashika about a Dropbox folder. Mateus can look at how to make that Git linked
   - Create a GitHub pages... For events, sharing news, giving more visibility to the committee and the Informatics department, Dave was initially looking at that, maybe Mateus/Christina should take over
   - Discussion: maybe we can have articles published alongside maniscripts focused on the codebase and how the analysis came about...
     Amonida has been talking with Alex from the Comms team already... Article 1 was the ECR event, Article 2 is on the EMBL... --> we would have to initiate this ourselves; interview the author, make a video for YouTube demonstarting the code (Christina can lead this)
     + christina will reach out to Molly/Alex/Lucy about changing the script for highlighting new UKDRI publications, such that it immediately displays a github link as well
    
4) Steve: work in progress seminars: reaching out to Amonida&Sashika to set up the online environment for quarterly online seminars (1h). Reach out to those who were at the event... Aiming for June! Another possibility is to assign people to slots in a rota.


## Action Items
Next meeting will be: Monday 27th May 3-4pm! 

Charlotte --> reach out to Dementia Platform, DEMON for Hackathon

Christina --> finalize the ECR event report with Amonida, event wrap-up email together with announcement of work in progress seminars?, reach out to comms team about the Data Scientist highlight interviews & adding code/data repo link to each new publication that is announced in the Slack channel

Mateus --> will make a draft Github page, figure out whether it is possible to partially git link a dropbox folder

Steve --> will reach out to Amonida & Sashika to set up the work in progress seminars, gather a group of (bio)informaticians who would like to present their codebase



