# Meeting Minutes for 2024-08-05

## Secretary

- Maryam Shoai

## Attendees

- Christina Maat
- Mateus Harrington
- Amonida Zadissa
- Charlotte Capitanchik
- Maryam Shoai
- Steve Hill
- Kiran Ravindran

## Apologies
- David Cash

## Agenda
 
- Updates from everyone
- Aligning website profile info
- Planning “Work in progress/behind the p-value series” (timeline, task division etc.)
- AOB


## Notes

### Mateus update

Website: Permission issues/token problem. Was able to build locally though. 

Short list of bio requirements/proforma: 
Post: 
Name: 
Centre:
Why ECR bioinformatics group:

Christina: Should we fork the GitHub? Not necessary Clone it locally make a branch and then push edits eventually but not necessary now. 

### Steve Update

1st session in Early October: WIP: behind the p-value.

Behind the p-values and WIP two separate sessions. Trial one of each to judge the interest. 

Fifteen minutes each with 10 minutes questions? Digital poll at the end to create word clouds. General questions on the utility of the WIP and behind the p-values. 

Possible idea for behind the p-values: https://www.cell.com/cell-reports/fulltext/S2211-1247(24)00578-3?uuid=uuid%3Aa3249738-c635-4202-a36b-689e75bb41a4

Data clinics and bioinformatician collaborations

### Amonida: 

Informatics Core team will start in September 2024! 

DOI for DRI: Everything DRI produces will have its own organisational DOI including papers and software

Missed part of it! Currently using ChatGPT to scour PubMed. 

Kiran: Contracts with specific journals?

Updates on Hackathon: No update except that DEMON is keen but are struggling internally with their own renewal. Will chase David Cash. They have funding from ARUK to do a hackathon

### What are the plans for connectome? 

Structure and numbers different this year. Eg Poster numbers reduced substantially.

Christina: We should represent the Bioinformatics Committee for visibility and to raise popularity. 

Mateus: Is there money for a second symposium? Amonida: No indication yet.

Maybe our best target is ECR day! We need a booth! 

Amonida: Restructuring shouldn’t affect the Bioinformatics core. 

Regenerative Art using R codes / Analyse search history etc..

Contact Emilia

### Maryam: No updates: 

### Kiran: 

Created a template folder. Requested everyone to check the content. Will finish by the end of the week. 

## Action Items

MS: Mateus to create tutorial for the website editing 

Action for Mateus: Sort out the zoom host/co-host 