01_meeting_minutes/2024-09-30.md, before:

# Meeting Minutes for 2024-09-30

## Secretary
- David Cash

## Attendees
- Christina Maat
- Mateus Harrington
- David Cash
- Maryam Shoai
- Charlotte Capitanchik
- Apologies
  - Steve Hill 
  - Kiran Ravindran
  - Amonida Zadissa

## Agenda
- Behind the p-value (25-October?)
- Connectome planning
- Next Informatics ECR symposium
- Hackathon: DEMON network meeting?
- AOB

## Notes
- Behind the p-value (25-October?)
  - Pilot seminar: 25-October
  - Tabled as Steve Hill absent
  - Distribute information around to centres: promote as behind the p-value.
  - Decide how to expand on it, series early next year
- Connectome:
  - SkillsXchange vs. Core Team Zone
    - Core platform versus various technologies; ECR should be more about core than a presentation on specific skills/technologies
    - Charlotte will have a table to presenting Flow platform (analysing sequencing data) with NextFlow backend. Funding from DRI to roll this out to different centres.  
  - What to share? Event promotion / repo promotion / highlight analyses pipelines?
    - What is goal of ECR attending Connectome, and how does it differ from core committee?
    - Need more joined up approach between main Informatics committee and ECR.
    - For table/booth - there needs to be a means of Connectome attendees to add to thier list - Google Form and an iPad. **Question: could we add a question (if not one already) to ask if people would like to hear more about being involved with the committee?**
    - Stickers!
  - Update the poster
    - Include what the ECR committee has already been done and that much of this is based on feedback
    - A recruitment drive for new committee members - not only how it would help committee and community but how it could also help their careers (e.g. increased visibility/profile) 
    - Upcoming plans: Symposium, behind the p-value seminars, hackathon
    - Infographic on what the ECR committee currently looks like (instutions, gender, career status, expertise) and what aspects we would prioritise (i.e. institutions, expertise, diversity, etc)
- Next Informatics ECR symposium
  - Roughly March next year 
  - Location: likely Bristol but will also look at York, Birmingham potential options
  - Maybe more interactive events? Tutorial section (Dave has a couple on neuroimaging and microscopy image analysis with Napari) or for more advanced people a walk through
  - Case studies of collaboration between bioninformatics and groups
- Hackathon: DEMON network meeting?
  - Tabled until Ammonida returns 
- AOB
  - Christina made a dropbox folder with committee stuff - Mateus uploaded a video about GitHub profile. 
  - All ECR committee members, please update your profile.
## Action Items
- Mateus: to update poster indicating what we have done (and that this is based on feedback)
- Mateus: to do infographic of current ECR members?
- Charlotte: to update poster information with recruitment pitch
- All members: to distribute information of seminar to their respective centres
- All members: update GitHub profile according to video

Commit message:

Added dropbox link
Not sure if it will work!

01_meeting_minutes/2024-09-30.md, after:

# Meeting Minutes for 2024-09-30

## Secretary
- David Cash

## Attendees
- Christina Maat
- Mateus Harrington
- David Cash
- Maryam Shoai
- Charlotte Capitanchik
- Apologies
  - Steve Hill 
  - Kiran Ravindran
  - Amonida Zadissa

## Agenda
- Behind the p-value (25-October?)
- Connectome planning
- Next Informatics ECR symposium
- Hackathon: DEMON network meeting?
- AOB

## Notes
- Behind the p-value (25-October?)
  - Pilot seminar: 25-October
  - Tabled as Steve Hill absent
  - Distribute information around to centres: promote as behind the p-value.
  - Decide how to expand on it, series early next year
- Connectome:
  - SkillsXchange vs. Core Team Zone
    - Core platform versus various technologies; ECR should be more about core than a presentation on specific skills/technologies
    - Charlotte will have a table to presenting Flow platform (analysing sequencing data) with NextFlow backend. Funding from DRI to roll this out to different centres.  
  - What to share? Event promotion / repo promotion / highlight analyses pipelines?
    - What is goal of ECR attending Connectome, and how does it differ from core committee?
    - Need more joined up approach between main Informatics committee and ECR.
    - For table/booth - there needs to be a means of Connectome attendees to add to thier list - Google Form and an iPad. **Question: could we add a question (if not one already) to ask if people would like to hear more about being involved with the committee?**
    - Stickers!
  - Update the poster
    - Include what the ECR committee has already been done and that much of this is based on feedback
    - A recruitment drive for new committee members - not only how it would help committee and community but how it could also help their careers (e.g. increased visibility/profile) 
    - Upcoming plans: Symposium, behind the p-value seminars, hackathon
    - Infographic on what the ECR committee currently looks like (instutions, gender, career status, expertise) and what aspects we would prioritise (i.e. institutions, expertise, diversity, etc)
- Next Informatics ECR symposium
  - Roughly March next year 
  - Location: likely Bristol but will also look at York, Birmingham potential options
  - Maybe more interactive events? Tutorial section (Dave has a couple on neuroimaging and microscopy image analysis with Napari) or for more advanced people a walk through
  - Case studies of collaboration between bioninformatics and groups
- Hackathon: DEMON network meeting?
  - Tabled until Ammonida returns 
- AOB
  - Christina made a [dropbox folder](https://www.dropbox.com/home/_UK%20DRI/ECR_Informatics_comm) with committee stuff - Mateus uploaded a video about GitHub profile. If this link does not work, log into your DRI single sign on for Dropbox and then go to the subfolder _UK DRI/ECR_Informatics_comm
  - All ECR committee members, please update your profile.
## Action Items
- Mateus: to update poster indicating what we have done (and that this is based on feedback)
- Mateus: to do infographic of current ECR members?
- Charlotte: to update poster information with recruitment pitch
- All members: to distribute information of seminar to their respective centres
- All members: update GitHub profile according to video
