**08 February 2024 Meeting notes –**

**Attendees:** Charlotte, Maryam, Christina, Mateus, Dave, Samaneh, Steve, Amonida

**Feedback survey**

-   More technical workshops going forward; could partner with Demon network for more in-depth workshops

-   Dave - PNHS data (Amsterdam) – potential imaging-focused workshop possible in future

-   Discussed event-related feedback; next time, have something away from all DRI centres so everyone has to stay to encourage networking; depends on budget

    -   Other events have partnerships (e.g.., CURE-ND, Crick, Turing, etc) for events, which can help increase budget and spread the cost of accomodation/travel to other locations

    -   Next time, include option for dinner so money isn't wasted

    -   More breaks

    -   More networking opportunities

    -   Dedicates slots/days without PIs

-   More advertising for event - need to push this year

-   Amonida will reach out to see about an Informatics session at Connectome

-   Discussed what is needed to build the Informatics community based on feedback

    -   Focus groups for specific topics to help knowledge exchange within the community

    -   Incentivise collaboration via GitHub or DRI Intranet

    -   Potential Informatics onboarding for new informaticians within DRI (similar to software carpentry)

-   Discussed committee structure

    -   Next meeting: Discuss charter and roles within the committee

    -   Chair should serve 6-12 months

    -   Create a rota for secretary
