# Meeting Minutes for 2024-06-24

## Secretary
- David Cash

## Attendees
- Christina Maat
- Mateus Harrington
- Amonida Zadissa
- Maryam Shoai
- Steve Hill
- Kiran Ravindran

## Apologies
- Charlotte Capitanchik


## Agenda

### Mateus - committee Github page overview
- Basic Quarto template on
- Agree to keep it simple for time being and then add more to it as people get comfortable
- Perhaps provide REAME instructions so that people can build locally and make changes
- Agreed that a good learning exercise would be for each member of the committe to clone locally and add their profile
- Key thing to add: Basic resources page, but maybe this will be part of UKDRI website
- Kiran: Can we make it easier to find information about license requirements for open source? Much like UKDRI does with funding acknowledgments in monthly email updates.
  - One potential way is to provide a GitHub template with the suggested license, data sharing policies other UKDRI requirements when people create their repositories.
- In general, there was a lot of discussion about how to make all of these efforts (Github, etc) more findable through UKDRI
- To help with this element, it was suggested that all of the committee think about clarifying the scope/remit of this committee, particularly with respect to potential overlap with the Reproducibility Working Group and the main Informatics committee

### Discuss Maryam's workshop ideas and make plans, potentially for later this year.
- Training is split across three levels
  1. Basic UKDRI induction: Any researcher who joins
    - Sustainable research: lots of interest in data recycling, accessing data that is already there rather than re-generating it
    - Reproducible research: things like GitHub and Protocols.io
    - Who's who and what's what at the UK DRI
  1. Next level: introduction to researchers in informatics
    - Basic introducution to R/Python
  1. More advanced/bioinformatics based research
    - Data carpenty
    - Version control
    - Other potential ideas: Nextflow, containers, python environments
- Dave: Git/Github - you could imagine training specific to each level
  - Basic induction: What is Github? Real basic ideas around version control and why its important
  - Second level: how to do basic Git commands and work on a repository, similar practical introduction as being proposed for R/Python
  - Advanced: tools around reproducibility (continuous integration, Github actions, etc)
- Some basic resources already in place at institution level: are training for basic information sufficient?
- Journal clubs 
  - How to distinguish these sessions to get people to come when already in a crowded space (particularly journal clubs).
  - The committee agreed not to repeat standard format, instead invite an author for a **"Behind the P-value talk"** where they do a walkthough of their paper, demystifying all of the different analysis steps involved
- Findability of these events: committee agreed that some calendar view on UK-DRI website would be helpful
- Reproducibility working group - also doing efforts on this
- Some of this work is happening through the informatics team or will be happneing soon

### Steve will reach out to Sashika again, will have a more firm timeline for when the event can be held.
- Steve has calendar for in progress talks. Need about one month's lead time.
- Should have some people confirmed with a date at the next meeting.
- Could potentially be combined with the "Behind the p-value" presentations mentioned above

### Charlotte/Dave - Hackathon/DEMON network update
- Caleb and Amonida had chat with David Llwellyn, who was positive to run hackathon b/w DEMON and DRI. Waiting for funding renewal to come through.
- Another option is DPUK - who have done hackathons focusing around their portal.
- Two topics were developed, Amonida will send them in the Slack channel.
- Trialling first in terms of small scale. 
  
### AOB
- Christina: Completed report on January event. Committee approved, so will be sent on to Caleb.
- Amonida: Would be good for committee to have all centres (Cambridge, Imperial):
  - Maryan: Reached out to Meena, who distributed but nobody has volunteered. Amonida to follow-up.
  - Imperial: Gregory Scott was appraoched, no answer. Amonida will ask this
- Amonida: Connectome Reproducibility Prize
  - Same people usually apply from same centres. Really want to open this up
  - Criteria a bit scary, would be great for committee to have a review of requirements
  - Remove indivudalistic focus on the criteria

## Action Items
- Mateus: Make basic documentation on how to create their own profile
- All: Try making their own profile on the web pages.
- Maryam: Basic high-level scoping of training/workshop with relation to Reproducibility Working Group: what is fomral training, what is more informal workshop/journal club, etc.
- Steve: Updates of potential slots for Work In Progress talks, reach out to people at January event
- Amonida: To reach out to Meena(Cambridge) and Gregory Scott (Imperial) about finding rep on ECR committee
- All: Review criteria to Connectome Prize

## Next meetings
- Due to AAIC, bank holidays, moving back next to 5 August and 2 Septmeber
