# Meeting Minutes for 2024-09-02

## Secretary
- Kiran Ravindran

## Attendees
- Mateus Harrington
- Amonida Zadissa
- Charlotte Capitanchik
- David Cash
- Steve Hill
- Kiran Ravindran

## Agenda

## Notes
### Steve's Update: Behind p-value idea
* Steve - 15 to 20 minutes on the data that went into making a figure
* First speaker suggestion - An emerging leader from UKDRI Imperial (October begining) or Someone from Cardiff known to Mateus
* Talk with Q&A?
* Amonida's suggestion: Anna and Jack as the first speakers?
* Send Q & A pool?
* Advertise Well in advance
### Connectome - Amonida
* A poster or space for ECR bioinformatics this year?
* Mateus to email Amelia on this
* Next years symposium - Centre will make this a budgetted item recurring every year. 
### Charlotte's Update 
* Charlotte is still trying to find a replacement
* Hackathon organisation - talk with DEMON network. Any next steps. meeting to happen in Autumn [Amonida's quote]
* Feedback on the symposium in London. Next location: York?/ Bristol?
* Mateus to email Amelia on the symposium (2 days/Bristol/Theme/ sessions similar to behind the p-value/ Voting before talks to make it interesting (for and against polls))
### Kiran's update
Template repo - transfer ownership to UKDRI and email the committee

## Action Items
* Mateus to email Amelia on
    * Connectome
    * Symposium (for early march next year; location bristol; find venues)
* Mateus to add Maryam to the committee github repo.
