Attendees: Mateus, Amonida, Austeja, Pierre, Kiran, Rory, Christina

Today's meeting is the first after the summer break. We have had some turnover in the committee and there will be some more changes in the coming months: Maryam will transition out once she has found a replacement and Christina will be handing over the co-chair duties to the next person.

**Updates**
*Mateus*
- Informatics symposium >> Siddhartan will follow up with Jo to get some funding in place. Hopefully more news by the time of the next meeting
- Salary-stipend for bioinformaticians >>
    - need to collect data on how many informaticians are getting lost to other sectors over salaries and try to discover what kind of solutions other academic institutions has put in place to deal with this problem.
    - possible outcomes: template for hiring managers to more easily arrange bumping informaticians' salaries, template that could be added to a grant application to request the needed additional funding
- Main activities until the next meeting:
    - keep the informatics slack channel active >> keep posting questions, interesting packages and papers
    - wait until October with distributing the survey about the Informatics Bytes Cafe
 
*Amonida*
- Amonida is solidifying plans to organize a hackathon with DPUK together with Sarah Baumeister (experience with "Datathons"). They will have a meeting in September, for which it would be good to have some input on Hackathon format
- ideas:
    - style? >> mix of predefined tasks and free format? or more pre-defined?
    - ideal case: in person for ~30 people using one of the institutions' computer labs. Probably these are only avaialble out off term times (i.e. Christmas or summer). In terms of costs and other logistics summer is probably the best to aim for
    - long term: finding a way in which everyone can join from a room at their own center
    - ideas for problems to work on: making existing datasets/publications better, linking DPUK human data to mouse data, benchmarking cell-cell interaction tools
    - constraints: there must be a tangible outcome for the Hackathon, e.g. a (concept) software package, a draft manuscript etc.
- try to stay in touch with the other institutes of the DNZE network to leverage everyone's resources; major turnup of DZNE people at the Bytes Cafe


TODO the next meetings:
- let Mateus/Christina know in case you are interested in taking on the co-chair position
- think about what activities you would like to lead in the coming academic year: "Behind the p-value" seminar series, Hackathon with DPUK, Informatics ECR Symposium, Informatics Bytes Cafe
  >> we will distribute tasks during the next meeting
- send Amonida any additional ideas for the Hackathon by mid September
- Committee meetings will remain on the first monday of the month 3-4pm; Pierre will generate a zoom link and recurring event
