# Meeting Minutes for 2025-02-24

## Secretary
- Kiran Ravindran

## Attendees
- Christina Maat
- Mateus Harrington
- Amonida Zadissa
- David Cash
- Maryam Shoai
- Steve Hill
- Kiran Ravindran
- Pierre

## Agenda

- Bioinformatic Bytes Café – event schedule and prep >> opportunity to go live with mailing list & updated webpage?
- Informatics (ECR) mailing list logistics
- Next session of “Behind the p-value”
- Brainstorm on activities until fall

## Notes
- Intro to the Core informatics group
- Christina provided a overview of what the ECR informatics group wants out of the meeting.
- Promoting the Friday meeting (28th Feb.)
- Intro to the meeting; Github intro (10 mins) and discoveries (10-15 mins, 1 slide per discovery). Matues will be chairing intro and github intro
- Breakout room (5-10mins each) to brainstorm plans. What does the community want out of the group in next 2to3 yrs. Check if zoom will work.
- **Order: Intro (5 mins); Discoveries (10 mins); Github (10-15 mins), Code Review (5 mins) and then breakout room with questions (20 mins) followed by Overview of the Meeting/Discussion (5 mins)**
- Topics of discussion: Symposium structure; Training needs; Feedback on group.
- Templates for the breakout room material
- MultiQC - Imran to talk? Documentation, how to create forms etc.
- Mateus had added pages in the website to list tools and the host can read through or specific people can choose to explain
- Update form to include the items and tools discussed above.
- Consider the friday meeting to set up a Precursor to Data clinics: Scope?
- Code review (5 mins) - Show a you tube video? Version control, disseminating code, how to get help etc
- Sadegh to talk about: Documentation and tools for Github; Matues to elaborate for 2 to 3mins more; Talk about the vision of the UKDRI Github page
-
## Action Items
