# Meeting Minutes for 2025-01-27

## Secretary
- Mateus Harrington

## Attendees
- Christina Maat
- Mateus Harrington
- Steve Hill
- Kiran Ravindran
- Pierre Parutto

## Agenda

## Notes

## Action Items

- behind the pval - Steve to chase prospective speakers
- symposium likely delayed till later in the year - we're still waiting to get the funding green light from HQ (Amonida diligently chasing)
- Informatics community cafe (working title) - event to alternate with behind the pval, **first session to be on 28th of Feb**
  - Mateus to draft email to HQ to invite folk to attend
  - Plan to start with "Discoveries" session where folk very briefly showcase a cool package/tool they've found/use
  - Mateus to give DRI GitHub tour, flag code review teams
  - Last session to be open discussion, first session will have breakout rooms for broad domains (e.g. single cell room, proteomics room, imaging room) with folk invited to meet and greet. In future it'll be open to people to bring topics to discuss.
  - End with open feedback session - did people like this, is there something people want to change, or something else they want to committee to do.
- Kiran to email HQ about any tools they have for mailing lists so we can levearge out list of informatics folk