# Meeting Minutes 2023-10-24

## Attendees

- Gabriel Mateus Bernardo Harrington
- Christina Maat
- Amonida Zadissa
- David Cash
- Maryam Shoai
- Samaneh Kouchaki

## Agenda

- Agree on communication platform
    - Slack for quick coms, but keep in mind that Dave & Maryam prefer email. Easiest will be to raise an issue in the GitHub repo; namely this will send out an email notification to whomever was tagged *Mateus/Christina can update the wiki to have some guidance on how to do this*
    - repo on GitHub: 
        - all account names are collected; everyone will be added by Amonida & Christina this week
        - meeting notes will move to HackMd; the notes can then be pushed to the GitHub repo after every meeting.
- feedback on Connectome:
    - Results of the small survey can be found in the committee GitHub repo
    - Setting up a code review platform
        - needs a team of curators (split per language)
        - through GitHub! There are already a lot of tools there (adding acknowledgements etc./rewards). those who get reviewed should also (learn how to) review themselves.
        - Decide on the format during the ECR event; this should fit the needs of the community in the most efficient way possible
    - other/related idea: code-review jamboree/seminar series
        - have a dedicated code champion per center
        - beginner-biologist vs. advanced --> set up a seminar series cross-DRI (like a journal club; focused on the code/software!) *Amonida will explore how to arrange this*
        - get everyone involved to commit to a session. Plan ahead during the first session, like a code of conduct. The schedule can then be announced after the ECR event
        - free form, not too rigid in terms of what aspects of your software you show, i.e. could also be along the lines of "this is what I currently have and I am stuck/need help"
        - TO DO: have the format ready for announcement during the ECR event
- Informatics interest form
    - Link is now in the announcements slack channel!!
    - to figure out: is there a balance across the DRI in terms of highly experienced informaticians?
    *TO DO FOR ALL: Let everyone know about the form & ECR event!*
    - *Christina email Abbey about adding Infortics form in the Bulletin*
    - *Christina adds in email field (required) + having automatic email sent out to those who have completed the form*
- ECR event
    - We need to go through the program with everyone in order to come up with a collective task list & division. Will be the main topic for next meeting
    - ADDI workshop focus points:
        - How to interact with other informaticians on ADDI
        - how do you align with GitHub
        - best practices for using ADDI as a software developer
        - how to share your results/code with less technical colleagues
        - use of workflow managers: demo!!
        - *Christina will communicate this back to ADDI*


- PLATFORM between IoN & scope for DRI, for informatics tools
    - UCL is trying to find people who'd like to be hands-on working on a shared facility/data sharing platform
    - collaborate with internal and external parties through that platform; how do we set up that infrastructure? Something similar to ADDI?
    - looking for data engineers, i.e. those who make data available to users/data wranglers; should be at UCL, architecture still needs to be decided on... 
    - *Christina/Maryam will ask around for competent people!*


